fix error about deep option of watch in instance-methods.md (#951)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/instance-methods.md

- **Option: deep**

>   To also detect nested value changes inside Objects, you need to pass in `deep: true` in the options argument. Note that in Vue3 you **also** need to do so to listen for array mutations.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: this is a documentation for v3, I don't think we need an additional reminder about the current version here. WDYT about rephrasing:

```suggestion
  To also detect nested value changes inside Objects, you need to pass in `deep: true` in the options argument. This option also can be used to watch array mutations.
```

Author: agree with you

Reviewer 2: @likev If you're happy with the change could you please merge it into your branch? You should see a button beneath the suggested change that will commit it for you. Thanks.

Author: There are a lot I need to learn about github, thanks!
